//Type,Plant Name,Scientific Name,Season,Plant Description, Plant Image Number
//Flower Plant inserts
"Flower","Roses","Rosa gallica","Early Spring","The rose is a type of flowering shrub. Its name comes from the Latin word Rosa. The flowers of the rose grow in many different colors, from the well-known red rose or yellow roses and sometimes white or purple roses. Roses belong to the family of plants called Rosaceae.","db1"
"Flower","Lilies","Lilium","Fall or Early Spring","The lily is a genus of flowering plant. There are many species of lilies, like trumpet lilies and tiger lilies. They are usually quite tall, and are perennials. Most lilies grow from a bulb, which in some species develops into a rhizome, which carries small bulbs.","db2"
"Flower","Calla Lilies","Zantedeschia aethiopica","Spring","Calla lilies have long-petioled, basal leaves arising from a thick rhizome. The inflorescence, on a leafless flower stalk, consists of a spathe and spadix. The spathe, a large, flaring, trumpet-shaped bract, surrounds the spadix which is covered with tiny flowers.","db3"
"Flower","Daisies","Bellis perennis","Late Spring and Summer","A Daisy flower is composed of white petals and a yellow center, although the flower can sometimes have a pink or rose color. Daisies are not made of just one flower. A Daisy is made up of two types of flowers - disk florets and petal-like white ray florets.","db4"
"Flower","Gardenias","Gardenia jasminoides","Autumn or Spring","Gardenias are native to the tropical and subtropical regions of Africa, southern Asia, Australasia and Oceania. This species can be difficult to grow elsewhere because it demands high humidity to thrive and bright (not direct) light. Some types of gardenias can be grown as houseplants.","db5"

//Edible Plant inserts
"Edible","Globe Artichoke","Cynara cardunculus var. scolymus","Spring or Fall","Globe artichoke is an heirloom vegetable grown for its tender, edible flower buds. With their large, silvery-green leaves and thick stems topped with pinecone-like flower buds, artichoke plants add a strong architectural element to vegetable garden plantings.","db6"
"Edible","Basil","Ocimum basilicum","Spring","Basil, also known as Sweet Basil or Tulsi, is a tender low-growing herb that is grown as a perennial in warm, tropical climates. Basil is originally native to India and other tropical regions of Asia. It has been cultivated there for more than 5,000 years. It is prominently featured in many cuisines throughout the world. Some of them are Italian, Thai, Vietnamese and Laotian cuisines. It grows to between 30–60 cm tall. It has light green, silky leaves 3–5 cm long and 1–3 cm broad. The leaves are opposite each other. The flowers are quite big. They are white in color and arranged as a spike.","db7"
"Edible","Blueberries","Cyanococcus","Early Spring and Summer","A blueberry is a berry, a very small fruit. It grows in a type of woody plant called a shrub. Many types of blueberries grow in North America and eastern Asia.","db8"
"Edible","Kale","Brassica oleracea var. sabellica","Autumn and Winter","Kale is a vegetable with green or purple leaves. It is also called borecole. It is in the group of vegetables called Brassica oleracea or wild cabbage.","db9"
"Edible","Cabbage","Brassica oleracea var. capitata","Late Summer","Cabbage is an edible plant. It is a lot like broccoli, cauliflower or Brussels sprouts. Cabbage is eaten in many ways around the world. Coleslaw and sauerkraut are popular foods that use cabbage. It is also used to make kimchi and borscht, and can also be used in salads. Red cabbage juice can be used as a pH indicator. Cabbages are usually green, but they can also be red.","db10"

//Shrubs inserts
"Shrubs","Azalea","Rhododendron","Late Spring or Early Autumn","Rhododendron is a large genus of flowering plants. It includes 1,024 species of woody plants in the heath family (Ericaceae). Some are evergreen, and some are deciduous. They are found mainly in Asia. Most of them have quite showy flowers. What gardeners know as Azalea is in fact a kind of rhododendron. Many people have rhododendrons in their garden or flower pot. It is the national flower of Nepal. One rhododendron, Rhododendron ponticum, has become an Invasive species in North America.","db11"
"Shrubs","Lavender","Lavandula","Spring","Lavender is a type of plant found on almost all continents. It has a purplish colour. It has a colour named after it, called lavendar. Its Latin and scientific name is Lavandula.","db12"
"Shrubs","Rosemary","Rosmarinus officinalis","Spring","Rosemary is a woody, perennial herb with fragrant evergreen needle-like leaves. It is native to the Mediterranean region. It is a member of the mint family Lamiaceae, which also includes many other herbs.","db13"
"Shrubs","Aloe Vera","Aloe barbadensis miller","Summer","Aloe vera is a species of succulent plant in the genus Aloe. It is originally from the Arabian Peninsula but it grows wild in tropical climates around the world. It is a popular houseplant species.","db14"
"Shrubs","Jasmine","Jasminum","Spring and Autumn","Jasmine is a genus of plants. They are shrubs or vines that grow in moderately warm climates. There are about 200 different species of Jasmine. They are also quite liked in gardens. Tea can be made from the flowers. Some species are used to make special oil, perfumes or incense. Women, especially from Asia sometimes wear jasmine flowers in their hair. Jasmine flowers are white or yellow in colour, although in rare instances they can be slightly reddish. Jasmine flowers are well known for their lovely smell. jasmine can also be a female name.","db15"

//Tree inserts
"Trees","Cherry Blossom","Prunus serrulata","Winter","Cherry blossom or sakura are cherry trees, and their blossoms. The fruit comes from a different species.","db16"
"Trees","Crab Apple","Malus floribunda","Autumn","Malus floribunda forms a round-headed, small deciduous tree with narrow leaves on arching branches. The flowers are white or pale pink, opening from crimson buds. The fruit is red and yellow, of about 1 cm in diameter.","db17"
"Trees","Golden Goddess Bamboo","Bambusa multiplex","All year around","Bambusa multiplex forms a medium sized clump with slender culms (stems) and dense foliage. This bamboo is suitable for hedges and live fences since the stems and foliage form a dense growth that create an effective barrier. The height of the stems under ideal conditions is about 10 ft. Propagation is through rhizome offsets and rooted culm (stem) cuttings. Micro propagation too is feasible through axillary bud proliferation.","db18"
"Trees","Poplar","Populus deltoides","Spring","Populus deltoides is a large tree growing to 20–60 m (65–195 ft) tall and with a trunk up to 2.8 m (9 ft 2 in) diameter, one of the largest North American hardwood trees. The bark is silvery-white, smooth or lightly fissured when young, becoming dark gray and deeply fissured on old trees.","db19"
"Trees","Willow","Salix x fragilis","All year around","Salix fragilis is a medium-sized to large deciduous tree, which grows rapidly to 10–20 m (33–66 ft) (rarely to 29 m (95 ft)) tall, with a trunk up to 1 m (3.3 ft) diameter, often multi-trunked, and an irregular, often leaning crown. The bark is dark grey-brown, coarsely fissured in older trees. The lanceolate leaves are bright green, 9–15 cm long and 1.5–3 cm wide, with a finely serrated margin; they are very finely hairy at first in spring, but soon become hairless.","db20"
